docs(receivers/telegraf): add brief migration description (#469)
SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector: pkg/receiver/telegrafreceiver/README.md

- only the following Telegraf metric data types are supported:
  - `telegraf.Gauge` that is translated to `pdata.MetricDataTypeGauge`,
  - `telegraf.Counter` that is translated to `pdata.MetricDataTypeSum`.

## Migration from Telegraf

### Data model

Internal OTC metric format differs from the Telegraf one and `separate_field` controls the conversion:

- If `separate_field` is `false`, the Open Telemetry metric name is going to be concatenated from the Telegraf metric name
  and the Telegraf field with `_` as separator.
- If `separate_fields` is `true`, the Open Telemetry metric name is going to be the same as the Telegraf one,

>   and the Telegraf `field` is going to be converted to the Open Telemetry attribute.

Reviewer: not attribute itself but data point label

Author: even data point attribute

```
Metric #4
Descriptor:
     -> Name: tomcat_jmx_jvm_memory
     -> Description: 
     -> Unit: 
     -> DataType: Gauge
NumberDataPoints #0
Data point attributes:
     -> field: STRING(NonHeapMemoryUsage.init)
StartTimestamp: 1970-01-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC
Timestamp: 2022-03-10 11:28:30 +0000 UTC
Value: 2555904.000000
```

>   and the Telegraf `field` is going to be converted to the Open Telemetry attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
  and the Telegraf `field` is going to be converted to the Open Telemetry data point attribute.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to show an example here. For people unfamiliar with Telegraf's data model, this isn't going to be very informative on its own.

> ### Keep compability while sending metrics to the Sumo Logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Keep compatibility while sending metrics to Sumo Logic
```

In the Telegraf, metrics can be send to the Sumo Logic using [Sumologic Output Plugin][sumologic_output_plugin].
It supports three formats (`prometheus`, `carbon2`, `graphite`),

> where every of them have some limitations (e.g. [only specific set of chars can be used for metric name for prometheus][prometheus_data_model]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where each of them has some limitations (e.g. [only specific set of chars can be used for metric name for prometheus][prometheus_data_model]).
```

OTLP doesn't have most of those limitations, so in order to keep the same metric names, some transformations should be done by processors.

Let's consider the following example.

> `metric.with.dots` is going to be send as `metric_with_dots` by prometheus or `metric.with.dots` by OTLP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`metric.with.dots` is going to be sent as `metric_with_dots` by prometheus or `metric.with.dots` by OTLP.
```
